Update sdk monorepo and storage readme (#20)
spheronFdn/sdk: packages/storage/README.md

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/spheronFdn/sdk/blob/main/.github/assets/logo-dark.svg">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/spheronFdn/sdk/blob/main/.github/assets/logo.svg">
    <img alt="Spheron" src="https://github.com/spheronFdn/sdk/blob/main/.github/assets/logo-dark.svg" width="250">
  </picture>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Spheron Storage SDK</h1>

<p align="center">

>   🧰 Developer toolkits for web3 cloud infrastructure, powered by Spheron.

Reviewer: this should be talking about the multi-chain storage SDK
```suggestion
  🧰 SDK for multi-chain storage, powered by Spheron.
```

</p>

<p align="center">

>   <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=npm&message=v14.0.0&color=green" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=npm&message=v1.0.3&color=green" />
```
This should the current npm package version not node lts

Reviewer: Also this link should redirect user to npm package

Author: Github package link or npmjs? 🤔

>   <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=Apache%202.0&color=red" />

Reviewer: this should direct user to github license page
